URL	Rank	Scientific name	Vernacular fr	Vernacular en	Habit	British Columbia	Alberta	Saskatchewan	Manitoba	Ontario	Quebec	New Brunswick	Prince Edward Island	Nova Scotia	Newfoundland	Labrador	Saint Pierre and Miquelon	Yukon	Northwest Territories	Nunavut	Greenland
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/2668	Species	Ilex mucronata	némopanthe mucroné	mountain holly	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/2671	Species	Ilex verticillata	houx verticillé	common winterberry	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/4641	Species	Cornus alternifolia	cornouiller à feuilles alternes	alternate-leaved dogwood	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/4650	Species	Cornus rugosa	cornouiller rugueux	round-leaved dogwood	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/14857	Species	Cornus racemosa	cornouiller à grappes	grey dogwood	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/14855	Species	Cornus obliqua	cornouiller oblique	silky dogwood	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/30197	Species	Cornus sericea	cornouiller hart-rouge	red-osier dogwood	Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/6113	Species	Philadelphus coronarius	seringa commun	European mock-orange	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/4223	Species	Lonicera reticulata	chèvrefeuille réticulé	grape honeysuckle	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Excluded	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/4225	Species	Lonicera sempervirens	chèvrefeuille toujours vert	trumpet honeysuckle	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/4210	Species	Lonicera dioica	chèvrefeuille dioïque	limber honeysuckle	Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/4214	Species	Lonicera hirsuta	chèvrefeuille hirsute	hairy honeysuckle	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Excluded	Excluded	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/4204	Species	Lonicera caerulea	chèvrefeuille à fruits bleus	blue fly-honeysuckle	Shrub	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Native	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/4221	Species	Lonicera oblongifolia	chèvrefeuille à feuilles oblongues	swamp fly-honeysuckle	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Excluded	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/4217	Species	Lonicera involucrata	chèvrefeuille involucré	bracted honeysuckle	Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Excluded	Absent	Native	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/4205	Species	Lonicera canadensis	chèvrefeuille du Canada	Canada fly-honeysuckle	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/4231	Species	Lonicera xylosteum	chèvrefeuille à balais	dwarf honeysuckle	Shrub	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/4226	Species	Lonicera tatarica	chèvrefeuille de Tartarie	Tatarian honeysuckle	Shrub	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/4220	Species	Lonicera morrowii	chèvrefeuille de Morrow	Morrow's honeysuckle	Shrub	Introduced	Absent	Introduced	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/30139	Species	Lonicera ruprechtiana	chèvrefeuille de Ruprecht	Manchurian honeysuckle	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/4236	Species	Symphoricarpos occidentalis	symphorine de l'Ouest	western snowberry	Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Native	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/4233	Species	Symphoricarpos albus	symphorine blanche	thin-leaved snowberry	Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/2436	Species	Sambucus canadensis	sureau blanc	common elderberry	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9880	Species	Sambucus racemosa	sureau à grappes	red elderberry	Tree Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/2451	Species	Viburnum opulus	viorne obier	cranberry viburnum	Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/2444	Species	Viburnum edule	viorne comestible	squashberry	Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/2443	Species	Viburnum acerifolium	viorne à feuilles d'érable	maple-leaved viburnum	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/32062	Species	Viburnum dentatum	viorne dentée		Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/31212	Species	Viburnum rafinesqueanum	viorne de Rafinesque	downy arrowwood	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Excluded	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/2446	Species	Viburnum lantanoides	viorne bois-d'orignal	hobblebush	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/2445	Species	Viburnum lantana	viorne mancienne	wayfaring viburnum	Shrub	Absent	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/2447	Species	Viburnum lentago	viorne flexible	nannyberry	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9901	Species	Viburnum cassinoides	viorne cassinoïde	wild raisin	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/4199	Species	Diervilla lonicera	dièreville chèvrefeuille	northern bush-honeysuckle	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/29474	Species	Weigela floribunda	weigélia floribond	crimson weigela	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/5487	Species	Andromeda polifolia	andromède à feuilles de polium	bog rosemary	Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/5504	Species	Chamaedaphne calyculata	cassandre caliculé	leatherleaf	Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/5522	Species	Gaylussacia baccata	gaylussaquier à fruits bacciformes	black huckleberry	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Excluded	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/5523	Species	Gaylussacia bigeloviana	gaylussaquier de Bigelow	bog huckleberry	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/5566	Species	Vaccinium angustifolium	bleuet à feuilles étroites	early lowbush blueberry	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Excluded	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/5567	Species	Vaccinium boreale	bleuet boréal	northern blueberry	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/5569	Species	Vaccinium corymbosum	bleuet en corymbe	highbush blueberry	Shrub	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/5573	Species	Vaccinium myrtilloides	bleuet fausse-myrtille	velvet-leaved blueberry	Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Absent	Absent	Native	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/5568	Species	Vaccinium cespitosum	airelle gazonnante	dwarf bilberry	Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/5575	Species	Vaccinium ovalifolium	airelle à feuilles ovées	oval-leaved blueberry	Shrub	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Native	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/5571	Species	Vaccinium macrocarpon	canneberge à gros fruits	large cranberry	Shrub	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/5577	Species	Vaccinium oxycoccos	canneberge commune	small cranberry	Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/16042	Species	Vaccinium microcarpum	canneberge à petits fruits	small bog cranberry	Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Doubtful	Native	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/5582	Species	Vaccinium uliginosum	airelle des marécages	bog bilberry	Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/5583	Species	Vaccinium vitis-idaea	airelle rouge	mountain cranberry	Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/5492	Species	Arctostaphylos uva-ursi	raisin d'ours	bearberry	Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/5494	Species	Arctous alpina	busserole alpine	alpine bearberry	Shrub	Native	Absent	Excluded	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/5495	Species	Arctous rubra	busserole rouge	red bearberry	Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/5509	Species	Corema conradii	corème de Conrad	broom crowberry	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Extirpated	Native	Native	Excluded	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/5511	Species	Empetrum atropurpureum	camarine noire-pourprée	purple crowberry	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/5512	Species	Empetrum eamesii	camarine d'Eames	pink crowberry	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/5514	Species	Empetrum nigrum	camarine noire	black crowberry	Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Doubtful	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/5533	Species	Kalmia polifolia	kalmia à feuilles d'andromède	pale bog laurel	Shrub	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Excluded	Native	Native	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/5534	Species	Kalmia procumbens	azalée des Alpes	alpine azalea	Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Excluded	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/5529	Species	Kalmia angustifolia	kalmia à feuilles étroites	sheep laurel	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/5539	Species	Phyllodoce caerulea	phyllodoce bleue	purple mountain heather	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/5556	Species	Rhododendron canadense	rhododendron du Canada	rhodora	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/5557	Species	Rhododendron groenlandicum	thé du Labrador	Labrador tea	Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/5558	Species	Rhododendron lapponicum	rhododendron de Laponie	Lapland rosebay	Shrub	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/5563	Species	Rhododendron tomentosum	petit thé du Labrador	northern Labrador tea	Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/5496	Species	Calluna vulgaris	bruyère commune	Scottish heather	Shrub	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Excluded	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/5501	Species	Cassiope tetragona	cassiope tétragone	four-angled mountain heather	Shrub	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/5524	Species	Harrimanella hypnoides	cassiope hypnoïde	moss heather	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8994	Species	Cephalanthus occidentalis	céphalanthe occidental	eastern buttonbush	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Excluded	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/6734	Species	Ligustrum vulgare	troène commun	European privet	Shrub	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Excluded	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/6735	Species	Syringa vulgaris	lilas commun	common lilac	Shrub	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Excluded	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9354	Species	Lycium barbarum	lyciet de Barbarie	common matrimony vine	Shrub	Introduced	Introduced	Ephemeral	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/19070	Species	Reynoutria japonica	renouée du Japon	Japanese knotweed	Shrub	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Doubtful	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/19072	Species	Reynoutria sachalinensis	renouée de Sakhaline	giant knotweed	Shrub	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Excluded	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/12775	Species	Mahonia aquifolium	mahonia à feuilles de houx	holly-leaved barberry	Shrub	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Excluded	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/4450	Species	Euonymus alatus	fusain ailé	winged euonymus	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/4453	Species	Euonymus europaeus	fusain d'Europe	European euonymus	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9397	Species	Staphylea trifolia	staphylier à trois folioles	American bladdernut	Tree Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/5621	Species	Amorpha fruticosa	faux-indigo commun	shrubby false indigo	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Excluded	Native	Introduced	Introduced	Excluded	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/5699	Species	Caragana arborescens	caragana arborescent	Siberian pea shrub	Shrub	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/5730	Species	Genista tinctoria	genêt des teinturiers	dyer's greenweed	Shrub	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/3680	Species	Alnus serrulata	aulne tendre	smooth alder	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Excluded	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/3676	Species	Alnus incana	aulne blanc	grey alder	Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/29223	Species	Alnus alnobetula	aulne vert	green alder	Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/3699	Species	Betula populifolia	bouleau gris	grey birch	Tree Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/3687	Species	Betula glandulosa	bouleau glanduleux	glandular birch	Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/3690	Species	Betula michauxii	bouleau de Michaux	Newfoundland dwarf birch	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/3704	Species	Betula pumila	bouleau nain boréal	bog birch	Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/3691	Species	Betula minor	bouleau mineur	dwarf white birch	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/3721	Species	Corylus americana	noisetier d'Amérique	American hazelnut	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Doubtful	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/3724	Species	Corylus cornuta	noisetier à long bec	beaked hazelnut	Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/6678	Species	Comptonia peregrina	comptonie voyageuse	sweet-fern	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Excluded	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/6680	Species	Myrica gale	myrique baumier	sweet gale	Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/6681	Species	Morella pensylvanica	cirier de Pennsylvanie	northern bayberry	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/6155	Species	Hypericum kalmianum	millepertuis de Kalm	Kalm's St. John's-wort	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9152	Species	Salix reticulata	saule réticulé	net-veined willow	Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9169	Species	Salix vestita	saule pubescent	hairy willow	Shrub	Native	Native	Excluded	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9069	Species	Salix arctica	saule arctique	arctic willow	Shrub	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9082	Species	Salix brachycarpa	saule à fruits courts	short-capsuled willow	Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Excluded	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9110	Species	Salix glauca	saule glauque	grey-leaved willow	Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9115	Species	Salix herbacea	saule herbacé	snowbed willow	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Absent	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9092	Species	Salix chlorolepis	saule à bractées vertes	green-scaled willow	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9137	Species	Salix pedicellaris	saule pédicellé	bog willow	Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9070	Species	Salix arctophila	saule arctophile	northern willow	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9168	Species	Salix uva-ursi	saule raisin-d'ours	bearberry willow	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Native	Native
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9104	Species	Salix interior	saule de l'intérieur	sandbar willow	Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Excluded	Excluded	Absent	Native	Native	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9067	Species	Salix amygdaloides	saule à feuilles de pêcher	peach-leaved willow	Tree Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9131	Species	Salix nigra	saule noir	black willow	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9126	Species	Salix maccalliana	saule de McCalla	McCalla's willow	Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9124	Species	Salix lucida	saule brillant	shining willow	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9139	Species	Salix pentandra	saule laurier	laurel willow	Shrub	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9159	Species	Salix serissima	saule très tardif	autumn willow	Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9600	Species	Salix triandra	saule à trois étamines	almond willow	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9096	Species	Salix daphnoides	saule faux-daphné	violet willow	Shrub	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9068	Species	Salix arbusculoides	saule arbustif	little-tree willow	Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9071	Species	Salix argyrocarpa	saule à fruits argentés	Labrador willow	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9099	Species	Salix elaeagnos	saule drapé	elaeagnus willow	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Excluded	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9087	Species	Salix candida	saule tomenteux	sage willow	Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9097	Species	Salix discolor	saule discolore	pussy willow	Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Native	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9118	Species	Salix humilis	saule humble	prairie willow	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Excluded	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9100	Species	Salix eriocephala	saule à tête laineuse	cottony willow	Shrub	Excluded	Absent	Excluded	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9079	Species	Salix bebbiana	saule de Bebb	Bebb's willow	Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9140	Species	Salix petiolaris	saule à long pétiole	meadow willow	Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9158	Species	Salix sericea	saule soyeux	silky willow	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9076	Species	Salix ballii	saule de Ball	Ball's willow	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9095	Species	Salix cordata	saule à feuilles cordées	heart-leaved willow	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Excluded	Absent	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9128	Species	Salix myricoides	saule faux-myrique	bayberry willow	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Excluded	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9146	Species	Salix pseudomonticola	saule pseudomonticole	false mountain willow	Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Excluded	Absent	Native	Native	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9150	Species	Salix pyrifolia	saule à feuilles de poirier	balsam willow	Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9149	Species	Salix purpurea	saule pourpre	purple willow	Shrub	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9085	Species	Salix calcicola	saule calcicole	limestone willow	Shrub	Absent	Native	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9138	Species	Salix pellita	saule satiné	satiny willow	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Extirpated	Absent	Absent	Native	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9143	Species	Salix planifolia	saule à feuilles planes	tea-leaved willow	Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9064	Species	Salix alaxensis	saule feutré	Alaska willow	Tree Shrub	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Absent	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Excluded	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9170	Species	Salix viminalis	saule des vanniers	basket willow	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/30288	Species	Flueggea suffruticosa	fluguéa d'Orient	arching bushweed	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9412	Species	Daphne mezereum	bois joli	February daphne	Shrub	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Excluded	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9413	Species	Dirca palustris	dirca des marais	eastern leatherwood	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9414	Species	Thymelaea passerina	passerine annuelle	sparrow weed	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/6602	Species	Decodon verticillatus	décodon verticillé	swamp loosestrife	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/5455	Species	Elaeagnus angustifolia	olivier de Bohême	Russian olive	Tree Shrub	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Excluded	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/5456	Species	Elaeagnus commutata	chalef argenté	wolf-willow	Tree Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/5459	Species	Hippophae rhamnoides	argousier faux-nerprun	sea buckthorn	Tree Shrub	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/5460	Species	Shepherdia argentea	shépherdie argentée	silver buffaloberry	Tree Shrub	Introduced	Native	Native	Native	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/5461	Species	Shepherdia canadensis	shépherdie du Canada	soapberry	Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/6676	Species	Morus alba	mûrier blanc	white mulberry	Tree Shrub	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8587	Species	Ceanothus americanus	céanothe d'Amérique	New Jersey tea	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8588	Species	Ceanothus herbaceus	céanothe à feuilles étroites	narrow-leaved New Jersey tea	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8597	Species	Rhamnus cathartica	nerprun cathartique	European buckthorn	Tree Shrub	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8593	Species	Frangula alnus	nerprun bourdaine	glossy buckthorn	Tree Shrub	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/30391	Species	Endotropis alnifolia	nerprun à feuilles d'aulne	alder-leaved buckthorn	Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8732	Species	Dryas drummondii	dryade de Drummond	Drummond's mountain avens	Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Native	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8736	Species	Dryas integrifolia	dryade à feuilles entières	entire-leaved mountain avens	Shrub	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8728	Species	Dasiphora fruticosa	potentille frutescente	shrubby cinquefoil	Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Excluded	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8889	Species	Rosa blanda	rosier inerme	smooth rose	Shrub	Absent	Excluded	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Excluded	Native	Excluded	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8893	Species	Rosa cinnamomea	rosier cannelle	cinnamon rose	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8901	Species	Rosa nitida	rosier brillant	shining rose	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8906	Species	Rosa palustris	rosier palustre	swamp rose	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8911	Species	Rosa rugosa	rosier rugueux	rugosa rose	Shrub	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8915	Species	Rosa virginiana	rosier de Virginie	Virginia rose	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8887	Species	Rosa acicularis	rosier aciculaire	prickly rose	Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8892	Species	Rosa carolina	rosier de Caroline	Carolina rose	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8917	Species	Rosa woodsii	rosier de Woods	Woods' rose	Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/20329	Species	Rosa glauca	rosier glauque	glaucous rose	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8890	Species	Rosa canina	rosier des chiens	dog rose	Shrub	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8909	Species	Rosa rubiginosa	rosier églantier	sweetbriar rose	Shrub	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8896	Species	Rosa gallica	rosier de France	French rose	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Doubtful	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8900	Species	Rosa multiflora	rosier multiflore	multiflora rose	Shrub	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8913	Species	Rosa spinosissima	rosier pimprenelle	Scotch rose	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Doubtful	Excluded	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8727	Species	Rubus repens	dalibarde rampante	dewdrop	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8941	Species	Rubus odoratus	ronce odorante	purple-flowering raspberry	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Introduced	Absent	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8920	Species	Rubus allegheniensis	ronce des Alléghanys	Allegheny blackberry	Shrub	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8925	Species	Rubus bifrons	ronce discolore	Himalayan blackberry	Shrub	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8927	Species	Rubus canadensis	ronce du Canada	Canada blackberry	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8929	Species	Rubus flagellaris	ronce à flagelles	northern dewberry	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Excluded	Native	Native	Excluded	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8931	Species	Rubus hispidus	ronce hispide	bristly dewberry	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8944	Species	Rubus pensilvanicus	ronce de Pennsylvanie	Pennsylvania blackberry	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8947	Species	Rubus setosus	ronce sétuleuse	bristly blackberry	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Doubtful	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8933	Species	Rubus idaeus	framboisier rouge	red raspberry	Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8935	Species	Rubus illecebrosus	framboisier fraisier	strawberry raspberry	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8940	Species	Rubus occidentalis	framboisier noir	black raspberry	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Excluded	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8618	Species	Amelanchier arborea	amélanchier arborescent	downy serviceberry	Tree Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Excluded	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8619	Species	Amelanchier bartramiana	amélanchier de Bartram	Bartram's serviceberry	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Native	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8621	Species	Amelanchier fernaldii	amélanchier de Fernald	Fernald's serviceberry	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8622	Species	Amelanchier laevis	amélanchier glabre	smooth serviceberry	Tree Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8624	Species	Amelanchier sanguinea	amélanchier sanguin	round-leaved serviceberry	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Native	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Excluded	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8625	Species	Amelanchier spicata	amélanchier en épis	running serviceberry	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8626	Species	Amelanchier intermedia	amélanchier intermédiaire	purple serviceberry	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8629	Species	Amelanchier interior	amélanchier de l'intérieur	inland serviceberry	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9647	Species	Amelanchier humilis	amélanchier bas	low serviceberry	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Excluded	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9650	Species	Amelanchier gaspensis	amélanchier de Gaspésie	Gaspé serviceberry	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Excluded	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9651	Species	Amelanchier amabilis	amélanchier gracieux	beautiful serviceberry	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8636	Species	Aronia arbutifolia	aronie à feuilles d'arbousier	red chokeberry	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Excluded	Absent	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8637	Species	Aronia melanocarpa	aronie à fruits noirs	black chokeberry	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Doubtful	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8644	Species	Cotoneaster lucidus	cotonéaster à feuilles aiguës	shiny cotoneaster	Shrub	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8685	Species	Crataegus irrasa	aubépine pubérulente	unshorn hawthorn	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Excluded	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8691	Species	Crataegus lumaria	aubépine ronce	round-leaved hawthorn	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8657	Species	Crataegus chrysocarpa	aubépine dorée	fireberry hawthorn	Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8677	Species	Crataegus flabellata	aubépine flabelliforme	fan-leaved hawthorn	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Excluded	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8695	Species	Crataegus macrosperma	aubépine à lobes aigus	big-fruited hawthorn	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8717	Species	Crataegus schuettei	aubépine de Schuette	Schuette's hawthorn	Tree Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8679	Species	Crataegus fluviatilis	aubépine fluviatile	Fort Sheridan hawthorn	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8713	Species	Crataegus punctata	aubépine ponctuée	dotted hawthorn	Tree Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Excluded	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8718	Species	Crataegus submollis	aubépine subsoyeuse	Quebec hawthorn	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8699	Species	Crataegus mollis	aubépine duveteuse	downy hawthorn	Tree Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Excluded	Absent	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/20013	Species	Crataegus canadensis	Aubépine du Canada	Canada hawthorn	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8719	Species	Crataegus suborbiculata	aubépine suborbiculaire	Caughnawaga hawthorn	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8671	Species	Crataegus pruinosa	aubépine givrée	frosted hawthorn	Shrub Tree	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Excluded	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8683	Species	Crataegus holmesiana	aubépine de Holmes	Holmes' hawthorn	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8662	Species	Crataegus coccinea	aubépine écarlate	scarlet hawthorn	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8700	Species	Crataegus monogyna	aubépine monogyne	English hawthorn	Tree Shrub	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Excluded	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8663	Species	Crataegus coccinioides	aubépine dilatée	Kansas hawthorn	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8668	Species	Crataegus crus-galli	aubépine ergot-de-coq	cockspur hawthorn	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8690	Species	Crataegus lemingtonensis	aubépine de Lemington	Lemington hawthorn	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8693	Species	Crataegus macracantha	aubépine à épines longues	large-thorned hawthorn	Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8721	Species	Crataegus succulenta	aubépine succulente	fleshy hawthorn	Tree Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8653	Species	Crataegus brainerdii	aubépine de Brainerd	Brainerd's hawthorn	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8715	Species	Crataegus scabrida	aubépine scabre	rough hawthorn	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/20142	Species	Malus domestica	pommier commun	cultivated apple	Tree Shrub	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8963	Species	Sorbus americana	sorbier d'Amérique	American mountain-ash	Tree Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8965	Species	Sorbus decora	sorbier plaisant	showy mountain-ash	Tree Shrub	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Excluded	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8971	Species	Spiraea alba	spirée blanche	white meadowsweet	Shrub	Introduced	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Excluded	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8987	Species	Spiraea tomentosa	spirée tomenteuse	steeplebush	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8794	Species	Physocarpus opulifolius	physocarpe à feuilles d'obier	eastern ninebark	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Excluded	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8858	Species	Prunus americana	prunier d'Amérique	American plum	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8869	Species	Prunus nigra	prunier noir	Canada plum	Tree Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8871	Species	Prunus pensylvanica	cerisier de Pennsylvanie	pin cherry	Tree Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8874	Species	Prunus pumila	cerisier nain	sand cherry	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Excluded	Absent	Excluded	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8881	Species	Prunus virginiana	cerisier de Virginie	chokecherry	Tree Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Absent	Native	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8962	Species	Sorbaria sorbifolia	sorbaire à feuilles de sorbier	false spiraea	Shrub	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Excluded	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/2517	Species	Rhus aromatica	sumac aromatique	fragrant sumac	Shrub	Absent	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/2521	Species	Rhus typhina	sumac vinaigrier	staghorn sumac	Shrub	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/2527	Species	Toxicodendron vernix	sumac à vernis	poison sumac	Tree Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/2525	Species	Toxicodendron radicans	herbe à puce	poison ivy	Shrub Vine	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9039	Species	Ptelea trifoliata	ptéléa trifolié	common hop-tree	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9041	Species	Zanthoxylum americanum	clavalier d'Amérique	northern prickly-ash	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9215	Species	Acer spicatum	érable à épis	mountain maple	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9209	Species	Acer pensylvanicum	érable de Pennsylvanie	striped maple	Tree Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/21078	Species	Acer ginnala	érable de l'Amour	Amur maple	Tree Shrub	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/6055	Species	Ribes americanum	gadellier d'Amérique	American black currant	Shrub	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Doubtful	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/6061	Species	Ribes cynosbati	groseillier des chiens	eastern prickly gooseberry	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Excluded	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/6065	Species	Ribes glandulosum	gadellier glanduleux	skunk currant	Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/6066	Species	Ribes hirtellum	groseillier hérissé	swamp gooseberry	Shrub	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/6072	Species	Ribes lacustre	gadellier lacustre	bristly black currant	Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Native	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/6077	Species	Ribes nigrum	gadellier noir	European black currant	Shrub	Excluded	Absent	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Excluded	Absent	Excluded	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/6083	Species	Ribes rubrum	gadellier rouge	European red currant	Shrub	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Excluded	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/6087	Species	Ribes triste	gadellier amer	swamp red currant	Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/6088	Species	Ribes uva-crispa	groseillier à maquereau	European gooseberry	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Excluded	Excluded	Excluded	Excluded	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/6057	Species	Ribes aureum	gadellier doré	golden currant	Shrub	Introduced	Native	Native	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/6068	Species	Ribes hudsonianum	gadellier de la baie d'Hudson	northern black currant	Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Doubtful	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/6080	Species	Ribes oxyacanthoides	groseillier du Nord	Canada gooseberry	Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Doubtful	Native	Absent	Native	Native	Doubtful	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/6110	Species	Hamamelis virginiana	hamamélis de Virginie	American witch-hazel	Tree Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/7188	Species	Pinus mugo	pin mugo	mugo pine	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/4702	Species	Juniperus communis	genévrier commun	common juniper	Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/4705	Species	Juniperus horizontalis	genévrier horizontal	creeping juniper	Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/4709	Species	Juniperus virginiana	genévrier de Virginie	eastern red cedar	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Excluded	Absent	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9401	Species	Taxus canadensis	if du Canada	Canada yew	Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent