URL	Rank	Scientific name	Vernacular fr	Vernacular en	Habit	British Columbia	Alberta	Saskatchewan	Manitoba	Ontario	Quebec	New Brunswick	Prince Edward Island	Nova Scotia	Newfoundland	Labrador	Saint Pierre and Miquelon	Yukon	Northwest Territories	Nunavut	Greenland
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9880	Species	Sambucus racemosa	sureau à grappes	red elderberry	Tree Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/6726	Species	Fraxinus americana	frêne blanc	white ash	Tree	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/6729	Species	Fraxinus nigra	frêne noir	black ash	Tree	Absent	Absent	Excluded	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/6730	Species	Fraxinus pennsylvanica	frêne rouge	red ash	Tree	Absent	Introduced	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/7350	Species	Platanus occidentalis	platane occidental	sycamore	Tree	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9397	Species	Staphylea trifolia	staphylier à trois folioles	American bladdernut	Tree Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/5897	Species	Robinia pseudoacacia	robinier faux-acacia	black locust	Tree	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Excluded	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/5898	Species	Robinia viscosa	robinier visqueux	clammy locust	Tree	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/3685	Species	Betula alleghaniensis	bouleau jaune	yellow birch	Tree	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/3686	Species	Betula cordifolia	bouleau à feuilles cordées	heart-leaved birch	Tree	Absent	Absent	Excluded	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/3699	Species	Betula populifolia	bouleau gris	grey birch	Tree Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/3697	Species	Betula papyrifera	bouleau à papier	paper birch	Tree	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/3720	Species	Carpinus caroliniana	charme de Caroline	blue-beech	Tree	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Excluded	Absent	Excluded	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/3727	Species	Ostrya virginiana	ostryer de Virginie	eastern hop-hornbeam	Tree	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/5959	Species	Quercus alba	chêne blanc	white oak	Tree	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Excluded	Absent	Doubtful	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/5960	Species	Quercus bicolor	chêne bicolore	swamp white oak	Tree	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/5965	Species	Quercus macrocarpa	chêne à gros fruits	bur oak	Tree	Absent	Introduced	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/5970	Species	Quercus rubra	chêne rouge	northern red oak	Tree	Excluded	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/5957	Species	Fagus grandifolia	hêtre à grandes feuilles	American beech	Tree	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/6235	Species	Carya cordiformis	caryer cordiforme	bitternut hickory	Tree	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/6239	Species	Carya ovata	caryer ovale	shagbark hickory	Tree	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/6242	Species	Juglans cinerea	noyer cendré	butternut	Tree	Absent	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Native	Native	Native	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/6243	Species	Juglans nigra	noyer noir	black walnut	Tree	Absent	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Native	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9052	Species	Populus nigra	peuplier noir	black poplar	Tree	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Excluded	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9047	Species	Populus deltoides	peuplier deltoïde	eastern cottonwood	Tree	Introduced	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9042	Species	Populus alba	peuplier blanc	white poplar	Tree	Excluded	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9049	Species	Populus grandidentata	peuplier à grandes dents	large-toothed aspen	Tree	Excluded	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9053	Species	Populus tremuloides	peuplier faux-tremble	trembling aspen	Tree	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Extirpated	Native	Native	Native	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9828	Species	Populus tremula	peuplier tremble	European aspen	Tree	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9044	Species	Populus balsamifera	peuplier baumier	balsam poplar	Tree	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Extirpated	Native	Native	Native	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9067	Species	Salix amygdaloides	saule à feuilles de pêcher	peach-leaved willow	Tree Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9066	Species	Salix alba	saule blanc	white willow	Tree	Excluded	Excluded	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Excluded	Excluded	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9106	Species	Salix fragilis	saule cassant	crack willow	Tree	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9064	Species	Salix alaxensis	saule feutré	Alaska willow	Tree Shrub	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Absent	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Excluded	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/6640	Species	Tilia americana	tilleul d'Amérique	basswood	Tree	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/6643	Species	Tilia platyphyllos	tilleul à grandes feuilles	large-leaved linden	Tree	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Excluded	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/4192	Species	Celtis occidentalis	micocoulier occidental	northern hackberry	Tree	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/5455	Species	Elaeagnus angustifolia	olivier de Bohême	Russian olive	Tree Shrub	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Excluded	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/5456	Species	Elaeagnus commutata	chalef argenté	wolf-willow	Tree Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/5459	Species	Hippophae rhamnoides	argousier faux-nerprun	sea buckthorn	Tree Shrub	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/5460	Species	Shepherdia argentea	shépherdie argentée	silver buffaloberry	Tree Shrub	Introduced	Native	Native	Native	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/6676	Species	Morus alba	mûrier blanc	white mulberry	Tree Shrub	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8597	Species	Rhamnus cathartica	nerprun cathartique	European buckthorn	Tree Shrub	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8593	Species	Frangula alnus	nerprun bourdaine	glossy buckthorn	Tree Shrub	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8618	Species	Amelanchier arborea	amélanchier arborescent	downy serviceberry	Tree Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Excluded	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8620	Species	Amelanchier canadensis	amélanchier du Canada	Canada serviceberry	Tree	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Excluded	Native	Native	Native	Native	Excluded	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8622	Species	Amelanchier laevis	amélanchier glabre	smooth serviceberry	Tree Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8717	Species	Crataegus schuettei	aubépine de Schuette	Schuette's hawthorn	Tree Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8713	Species	Crataegus punctata	aubépine ponctuée	dotted hawthorn	Tree Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Excluded	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8699	Species	Crataegus mollis	aubépine duveteuse	downy hawthorn	Tree Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Excluded	Absent	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8671	Species	Crataegus pruinosa	aubépine givrée	frosted hawthorn	Shrub Tree	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Excluded	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8700	Species	Crataegus monogyna	aubépine monogyne	English hawthorn	Tree Shrub	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Excluded	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8721	Species	Crataegus succulenta	aubépine succulente	fleshy hawthorn	Tree Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/20142	Species	Malus domestica	pommier commun	cultivated apple	Tree Shrub	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8963	Species	Sorbus americana	sorbier d'Amérique	American mountain-ash	Tree Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8964	Species	Sorbus aucuparia	sorbier des oiseleurs	European mountain-ash	Tree	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8965	Species	Sorbus decora	sorbier plaisant	showy mountain-ash	Tree Shrub	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Excluded	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8861	Species	Prunus cerasus	cerisier acide	sour cherry	Tree	Excluded	Absent	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Excluded	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8869	Species	Prunus nigra	prunier noir	Canada plum	Tree Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8870	Species	Prunus padus	cerisier à grappes d'Europe	European bird cherry	Tree	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Excluded	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8871	Species	Prunus pensylvanica	cerisier de Pennsylvanie	pin cherry	Tree Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8881	Species	Prunus virginiana	cerisier de Virginie	chokecherry	Tree Shrub	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Absent	Native	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8863	Species	Prunus domestica	prunier domestique	Damson plum	Tree	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Introduced	Excluded	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/8876	Species	Prunus serotina	cerisier tardif	black cherry	Tree	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Excluded	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9424	Species	Ulmus americana	orme d'Amérique	white elm	Tree	Absent	Introduced	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9429	Species	Ulmus pumila	orme de Sibérie	Siberian elm	Tree	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9430	Species	Ulmus rubra	orme rouge	slippery elm	Tree	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9431	Species	Ulmus thomasii	orme liège	rock elm	Tree	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Excluded	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/2527	Species	Toxicodendron vernix	sumac à vernis	poison sumac	Tree Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9209	Species	Acer pensylvanicum	érable de Pennsylvanie	striped maple	Tree Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9206	Species	Acer negundo	érable à Giguère	Manitoba maple	Tree	Introduced	Native	Native	Native	Native	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/21078	Species	Acer ginnala	érable de l'Amour	Amur maple	Tree Shrub	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9213	Species	Acer saccharinum	érable argenté	silver maple	Tree	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Excluded	Excluded	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9212	Species	Acer rubrum	érable rouge	red maple	Tree	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9210	Species	Acer platanoides	érable de Norvège	Norway maple	Tree	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Excluded	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9207	Species	Acer nigrum	érable noir	black maple	Tree	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9214	Species	Acer saccharum	érable à sucre	sugar maple	Tree	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9219	Species	Aesculus hippocastanum	marronnier d’Inde	horsechestnut	Tree	Ephemeral	Absent	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/9341	Species	Ailanthus altissima	ailante glanduleux	tree-of-heaven	Tree	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/6110	Species	Hamamelis virginiana	hamamélis de Virginie	American witch-hazel	Tree Shrub	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/7195	Species	Pinus strobus	pin blanc	eastern white pine	Tree	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/7196	Species	Pinus sylvestris	pin sylvestre	Scots pine	Tree	Absent	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/7189	Species	Pinus nigra	pin noir d'Autriche	Austrian pine	Tree	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/7193	Species	Pinus resinosa	pin rouge	red pine	Tree	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/7194	Species	Pinus rigida	pin rigide	pitch pine	Tree	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/7181	Species	Pinus banksiana	pin gris	jack pine	Tree	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Introduced	Native	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/7169	Species	Picea abies	épinette de Norvège	Norway spruce	Tree	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/7173	Species	Picea glauca	épinette blanche	white spruce	Tree	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/7174	Species	Picea mariana	épinette noire	black spruce	Tree	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/7177	Species	Picea rubens	épinette rouge	red spruce	Tree	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/7164	Species	Larix decidua	mélèze d'Europe	European larch	Tree	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Introduced	Introduced	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/7166	Species	Larix laricina	mélèze laricin	tamarack	Tree	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/7159	Species	Abies balsamea	sapin baumier	balsam fir	Tree	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/7202	Species	Tsuga canadensis	pruche du Canada	eastern hemlock	Tree	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent
http://data.canadensys.net/vascan/taxon/4711	Species	Thuja occidentalis	thuya occidental	eastern white cedar	Tree	Absent	Introduced	Excluded	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Native	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent	Absent